C program to print ODD numbers from 1 to N using while loop.
This is an example of while loop - In this C program, we are going to learn how can we print all ODD numbers 

from given range (1 to N) using while loop?
C program to print EVEN numbers from 1 to N using while loop.
This is an example of while loop - In this C program, we are going to learn how can we print all EVEN numbers 

from given range (1 to N) using while loop?
C program to print all uppercase alphabets using while loop.
This is an example of while loop in C programming language - In this C program, we are going to print all 

uppercase alphabets from ‘A’ to ‘Z’ using while loop.
C program to print all lowercase alphabets using while loop.
This is an example of while loop in C programming language - In this C program, we are going to print all 

lowercase alphabets from ‘a’ to ‘z’ using while loop.
C program to print numbers from 1 to N using while loop.
This is an example of while loop in C programming language - In this C program, we are going to print numbers 

from 1 to N using while loop.
C program to print numbers from 1 to 10 using while loop.
This is an example of while loop in C programming language - In this C program, we are going to print numbers 

from 1 to 10 using while loop.
C program to read an integer and print its multiplication table.
In this program, we are reading an integer number and printing its multiplication table, we are implementing 

the program using for, while and do while (through all loops).
C Program to print tables from numbers 1 to 20.
This program will print table of numbers from 1 to 20 using nested looping. There are two loops using parent 

loop to run from 1 to 20 and child loop to run from 1 to 10 to print table of corresponding number which is 

coming from parent loop.
C Program to check entered number is ZERO, POSITIVE or NEGATIVE until user does not want to quit.
This program will read an integer number and check whether entered number is Positive, Negative or Zero until 

user does not want to exit.
C Program to find factorial of a number.
In this program, we will read and integer number and find the factorial using different methods - using 

simple method (without using user define function), using User Define Function and using Recursion.
C Program to find sum of first N natural number, N must be taken by the user.
This program will read the value of N and calculate sum from 1 to N, first N natural numbers means numbers 

from 1 to N and N will be read through user.
C program to print all prime numbers from 1 to N.
This program will read the value of N and print all prime numbers from 1 to N. The logic behind implement 

this program - Run loop from 1 to N and check each value in another loop, if the value is divisible by any 

number between 2 to num-1 (or less than equal to num/2) - Here num is the value to check it is prime of not.
C program to print all even and odd numbers from 1 to N.
This program will read value of N and print all numbers from 1 to N with EVEN and ODD after checking the 

numbers whether they are EVEN or ODD.
C program to print all Armstrong numbers from 1 to N.
This program will read value of N and print all Armstrong Numbers from 1 to N.
C program to print square, cube and square root of all numbers from 1 to N.
This program will print Square, Cube and Square Root of all Numbers from 1 to N using loop.
C program to print all leap years from 1 to N.
This program will read value of N and print all Leap Years from 1 to N years. There are two conditions for 

leap year: 1- If year is divisible by 400 ( for Century years), 2- If year is divisible by 4 and must not be 

divisible by 100 (for Non Century years).
C program to print all upper case and lower case alphabets.
In this C program, we are going to print all uppercase alphabets (from 'A' to 'Z') and lowercase alphabets 

(from 'a' to 'z').
C program to read age of 15 person and count total Baby age, School age and Adult age.
This program will read age of 15 person one by one (using while loop) and count total number of Baby Age, 

School attending person age and Adult age person.